hello everyone I wanted to do a
virtually a full pack of my maxpedition
Falcon to this is how I took it when I
like camping there are just a few minor
things missing I typically have my tarp
down here as well as my wool blanket
that you see and I usually have a bitty
on this side mmm those items are being
used by a friend right now so that's why
I don't have it these bottom straps are
absolutely great there was more much
much more space than I thought if you
look at the length of extra that you've
got it's just it's great you can fit so
much stuff down there what I've done is
I've taken any just a mag light on these
cinch straps on the side slips down an
old easily normal nicely that maglite
fits in there just perfectly what I've
got up here is just an extra jacket with
this Y shape clip just rolls up fits in
there nicely real warm jacket and
what I've got inside let's just going to
do that a lot of these items I have
already done reviews out of a kind I
packed up in some sugar so you can see
those on some of my other videos open
this main pocket I've got a extra belt
uses a tourniquet many tools you can you
can use them as a neutralizer tool I've
got my expedition parka TDC pouch in
there have full knife sharpener full LED
Maglite a and a notepad and then I've
got right I ever present Crown Royal bag
I love those bags they come in handy
quite a bit just quite a deep pouch in
there real nice going up to this front
top pouch I just have some comfort items
I bets with gum some tissues some Purell
and some chapstick and sunscreen and
also and then all these mobs up here
real nice feature that they have that
you can fish the paracord loops through
these little clasps extra security I'll
go a lot going into this pocket and
actually what I'm gonna have to do is
unfasten he's just the top ones
for now so we can get a good look these
are some of my ever-present things
binoculars I've got my pocket utility
EDC this usually or belt loop i should
say this i do carry most of the time on
this on the belt has a real nice waist
belt and chest belt one down further
I've got walkie-talkies in here going on
further I've got my my back brace if I
need it and then I've got some paracord
down whenever got a record I've got a
first-aid kit I've got some snacks if
you can see all that stuff in there x
notepad that's an extra row is this I
got toothbrush a little first aid kit
I've got some imodium I do believe I've
got some other advil overly pain killers
and more as well then we'll go back to
the main pocket unless I'm going to have
to undo bottom straps or
I like the best slave us well I've got
here whoops well this right here is
extra clothes underwear dry socks
t-shirt some long johns missus under
armour style things fast drying this is
my survival box first aid box this has
got everything you could possibly meet
and and I do have a video review on that
then at the bottom I've got dry dry
pants extra pants from you in here in
the zipper pocket I've just got a
bandana you can see here the the opening
for your hydration system which comes
out very nicely onto the strap real
convenient I can show you these here's
to the belt straps and on the belt strap
I typically have my camera bag
right put that other one but my my EDC
that you all have seen if you've seen
some of my videos I always have this
thing on me here it is right here and
both of those fit on the right side
perfectly for me but real snug fit rogue
into the body I'm five foot seven so it
works this bag feels like it was
designed for me I also carry my fixed
blade buck what I'm out camping hiking
scouting around I do keep a little
keeper on here just in case there's
anything I want to hang off of there
whether it be some carabineers or
airport or anything like that let's see
what else I need to show you on how I
carry it this way it carries real good
over long distances I've put a lot of
weight into this really does great it
the fastening system both the belt and
especially the chest system point is
just fantastic this is very well padded
very well contour it fits my torso
extremely well I am kind of short but my
shortness is mostly my legs I kinda have
a an average-sized torso and if you have
any questions about this how I packed it
up or any of the other items I shown in
this video just let me know you guys
know I love to hear lots of feedback
and I like you guys to enjoy my videos
so let me know and be safe out there